Queen, did you really come to see me?
The Queen is dead.
It's impossible.
This must be a scam.
This was my queen's idea.
She wouldn't let you be queen.
It's impossible.
I do not agree that I will be the Queen, only you will be the Queen.
How could you possibly think that about me?
Your Majesty, I dare to be a servant in Bao Hoa Palace
Is there anything else you can't do with your four feet?
All right.
Your Majesty, tell me.
Among these harem concubines
Who is best suited to be the owner of the harem?
Nothing seems unusual this time.
Princess, you should admit it.
You were all a ghost, weren't you?
This is the first queen.
My master is fit to be queen.
How can it be the Four Horcruxes?
Bao Chau, don't talk nonsense.
Your Majesty, don't listen.
The treasure said badly.
There must be a misunderstanding.
Princess Love, that's a bad word.
If it was before the empress once
I think someone did that on purpose.
But first, the queen appeared three times.
That means you're the day.
Lord of the harem
Your Majesty.
You must not be mesmerized by love from outside this palace.
Your Majesty, I know I am not a queen.
May Your Majesty reclaim his destiny.
The princess's love is humble.
So it's not difficult for me.
Then...
Phong you are a lady
How do you feel?
Thanks to Master Long An.
Ascended as a noble lady
Do you have any ideas?
to worship the precious fei
Yao Fei is not yet ready to see the precious princess